[Music]
[Applause]
I want to do one quick thing before we
get started just give me one moment if
you would where is jeffrey tambor
Jeffrey there you go all right
alright that saved us 22 minutes what
else
the rest of you if your show doesn't
have a dragon or a white Bronco and it
go home now I'd also like to acknowledge
the winner of tonight's plus-one contest
Sarah Paulsen who played Marcia Clark
and actually brought Marcia Clark with
her tonight
that's that's a guess
because everyone in LA knows if you want
to win sit next to Marcia Clark
I'm Martha this must be very strained
for you right I mean are you rooting for
OJ to win this time the whole gang from
the show is John Travolta is here
welcome back to television John Travolta
we're happy to have you so quick
question for you if you win are you
gonna thank OJ I mean how do you handle
that technically you wouldn't be here
without him right
especially you Cuba Cuba Gooding jr. was
so good in the People vs OJ Simpson he
played he played OJ so well I now
believe Cuba may have done it tonight is
the night we come together to celebrate
all the amazing shows we'll never get
around to watching on television
glorious television television has the
ability to make us laugh and cry and
during certain key parts of Game of
Thrones masturbate it oh that's what I'm
talking about Jon Snow hi Jon Snow
you're my freebie you know
I'm so glad they brought John Snow back
to life that was a nice surprise after
68 years television still manages to
surprise us I never imagined my favorite
TV mom would be Louie Anderson but he is
Louie plays if you haven't seen him he
plays Zach Galifianakis his mother on
the show baskets originally they were
gonna cast a woman for the role but it's
very hard to find an actress over 50 who
needs a part so they went to Louie
fortunately for everyone in this room
there are more shows and more roles than
ever before and more diversity than ever
before this year's nominees are the most
diverse ever and here in Hollywood the
only thing we value more than diversity
is congratulating ourselves on how much
we value diversity we the Emmys I'll
tell you the Emmys are so diverse this
year the Oscars are now telling people
where one of their closest friends we're
not by the way but in all seriousness
this is a very positive thing and I
think we need to stop and take a moment
to appreciate how far we've come in fact
if you are a person of color in our
audience tonight especially if you're a
nominee please find a white person right
now go ahead it shouldn't be hard
there's I see a bunch of them right here
just take a moment to reach out and say
thanks for your bravery there you go
make a rainbow connection I think
isn't that beautiful wasn't that nice
television brings people together but
television can also tear us apart I mean
if it wasn't for television what Donald
Trump be running for president no he
would be at home what right now quietly
rubbing up against his wife malaria
while she pretends to be asleep many
have asked who is to blame for Donald
Trump the Donald Trump phenomenon and
I'll tell you who because he's sitting
right there that's right that guy Mark
Burnett the man who brought us Celebrity
Apprentice thanks to Mark Burnett we
don't have to watch reality shows
anymore because we're living in one
thank you mark thank you for coming all
the way from England to to tear us all
apart with your intricate plot it worked
you sneaky little crumpet munch are you
who do you have lined up to fill the
spot on the Supreme Court Miley Cyrus or
CeeLo
I'm going on the record right now he's
responsible if Donald Trump gets elected
and he builds that wall the first person
we're throwing over it is Mark Burnett
the tribe has spoken
one other little piece of business we're
gonna do things a little bit differently
this year we have a new rule this year
for the first time ever you must be
present to win if we call your name and
you are not here to accept the Emmy goes
through the next name on the list it's
called the Maggie Smith rule and this if
you don't know as Maggie Smith she's
been nominated for the Emmy nine times
she's won the Emmy three times how many
times you think she's shown up here to
get the Emmy that's right no times this
year she had a Sunday ceramics class
that she couldn't get out of it when
Maggie Smith here she's nominated for an
Emmy she has the same reaction the rest
of us have when we get those 20% off Bed
Bath & Beyond coupons in the mail right
in the garbage and she goes to other
award shows she got showed up at the
Oscars to get an Oscar she showed up at
the Tony's she goes to the Soul Train
Awards every year but is she here in
this audience tonight well I don't see
her she's downton absent as what she is
for the ninth time what is wrong with us
why do we keep nominating this woman
she's treating us like the People's
Choice Awards I have a message for you
lame Maggie Smith if you're even
bothering to watch if you want an Emmy
you better hop on a plane right now and
get your Dowager Countess over here
all right are we ready to make the Emmys
great again let's give some pointy
trophies out what do you say thanks for
watching if you liked that subscribe to
our YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and if you didn't subscribe
anyway it's free who cares